hi i am maya and this is called what's
line before the best artist in the world
worldwide for tomorrow
you see
look at you thank you I want to thank my
mom to my boyfriend who was always there
from the beginning that all of you
by subscribing to mitú on my channel
personal doing wants to see your photos and
we all know trying
sandra bullock because we like it has
closest to the oscar awards and
asking us to think that he could take
between July the musician album know I've
done in other presentation and well then
is that we leave this mark
his talent like you but also his
ability to have learned from each
screwed up to recognize well that you
it's fine for a carpet what do you
It seems Sandra Bullock has a beautiful
rectangular face like your
body is to say it's all a rectangle
his eyebrows have a very sharp angle and
his children are small and brown
complete this with a long straight hair
and dark brown and you'll see a woman who
it could well be that the hair
sandra bullock's hair is the
perfect representation of man in
girls with hair this is a man
prevent your hair you just need to have
a scare that is in that returned it a
a movement to your hair and it's almost
as a discoloration now well if
you have a rectangular face the hair
very divided in the center is not
gaining comment strength
It looks much cooler when it uses waves
the hair collected or divided to half
wool the rectangular face and in the
Broad front is the ideal to use
our clothes one of the elements
constants in the gala dresses that
has used lately has been the lace to
have a dark brown hair with
clear skin the color red is one of the
better days now when the occasion is
allows it, sandra does not hesitate to show her
These legs for the jocks
it always covers the top because there
that maintain elegance throughout
moment they show the legs cover
the torso
at the same time with the verb to bleed
legs a secret weapon a detail
interesting when it comes to showing the
a miniskirt is doing it with a dress
straight without waist marked in the style of
the 60s this style emphasizes them still
more and commandments than innocence
sensuality and a lot of elegance
Now a dress is not the same
straight years 60 than a 22 or so that way
like I see you in for everything
when one while very careful with
x-men also knows how to flirt with
masculine style is analyzing if your
look dominates how to achieve won female
with panties or with sets of pants
and blazer emphasizing the important that
never forget to give prominence to your
site which front but careful
but only a forward enjoyment as
I am quite and not fall into what
vulgar
It is important to have a taste of sending
to little ones in cheating
has made several mistakes in the
shadows and almost everything are terrible summary
in the deception of a dress is what you
will make you look like a tail star and not
as being a friend I lend you my
style makeup like watermelon are
small and somewhat sunken the smoked
is the best action to open your sights
with part makeup you will need
creamy black eyeliner shadow color
brown satin shade champagne color
satin brushed blur with a
important amount attached to the line of
your eyelashes and do not go over your eyelid
mobile to blur or with the
brush thus erasing the strong lines and
creating a creamy base for the
shadow does not move then the part
inside of your eye places the shadow more
clear is your skill your look and in the
rest of the mobile eyelid the shadow more
dark do not rise above the eyelid
mobile the idea is elegant nordo is not
Do not forget to apply a little bit of
the dark shadow attached to your lashes
inferiors leave the protagonism to your
eyes and on your cheeks and lips are a
touch of femininity with pink tones
pale attitude once
in daily life and nothing of a star
Hollywood winner of the facts I
I see it and I think of super ants
relaxed to take me some margaritas
that improvement attitude of mine is the one that
arrives well walks on the carpet not the
look in this first look we will take
shine that dandy look you love so much
he so much wore a collared shirt
structured so you will not need a collar
the neck will do all the combined work
with a button blazer in trench coat and
as opposed to some pants with
leggins with another texture some sandals
of strips and liz what I like the most about
this second look is the daring of
combine the informal with the formal
we will take this fault in the unethical
knee-length pencil and we'll walk it
with a shirt with an illustration
fun to make even more contrast
with the shirt we will take it with a
large shiny and elegant necklace about
fine black stilettos a clutch
with chain and liszt of this third what
What I like most is that it is monochromatic
and this is the best way to see us more
thin and even a sleeveless cap with
striking neck will emphasize your
shoulders and arms wear it with pants
to dress in the same tone as the top ones
striking band-aid sandals and a
belt that matches with them and
ready
simple and elegant subscribe as
they always finish metro by clicking
here also simply wide seen
well here so that's how it is here
below and from among the comments which
is your favorite for Oscar to win
best actress this the king feeling
is here for you to ask what
you want and mine also continue through
of educating
and the next century around here for me
two
Y